[OSDOCS-17177]: CQA File Integrity Operator Docs (#114825)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-installation.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Install the File Integrity Operator on your cluster by using the {product-title} web console or the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the File Integrity Operator on your cluster by using the {product-title} web console or the {oc-first}.
```

Author: Done, thank you.
